When Susan brings her dog, Sam brings his too.
Jill likes your story even though she hates Bill's.
Because you bought two donuts, I bought three.
I caught the first train before you caught the second.
Some school kids like syntax, and some don't.
Each student was helped so that each would understand.
You like your dog, but you don't like mine.
We helped your friends, before we helped ours.
Susan likes her big red fish with a stripe and Tom likes his with spots.
Susan likes her big red fish with a stripe and Tom likes his too.
I will read your long draft on gapping from last semester if you read mine from this semester.
I have a green bike and you have red.
John will see Mary and Bill will too.
John saw two hawks in the sky, and Bill saw three.
John has one hat, and Bill has five.
Our team got the sixth position in the match, while their team got third.
I read three chapters from this book and Mary read four.
Mary got first position in the university and John got second.
Of all the candidates that applied for the job, these get selected.
Some students love physics and some don't.
He is the funniest guy here and also the weirdest.
That big car standing over there is Joey's.
John is reading my book and I am reading his.
I don’t know which pages to read and which to ignore.
Between the red and the white shirt, I like the red.
I took Cher's hand while she took Mary's.
John can play five instruments, and Mary can play six.
Fred did three onerous tasks because Susan had done two.
The first train and the second have arrived.
I heard Mary's dog, and you heard Bill's.
If Doris tries my chili, I will try hers.
Peter has looked at many used cars and finally bought a new one.
Talking about cars, I prefer a red one.
John has read the stories by Cortázar and I have read the ones by Borges.
You got a black rabbit, and I have got a white.
Although John's friends were late to the rally, Mary's arrived on time. 
Mary enjoyed the movies, and both were also interesting to Sue. 
John caught a big fish but Mary's was bigger.
We liked some wines from France although most were too dry. 
Although most were too dry, we liked some wines from France. 
Out of these two jackets I'm going to buy the blue one.
There are six posters but the blue one is ugly.
Emma wants the white dress but she also likes the black one.
Emma wants the white dress and Emily wants the one with the black ribbon.
John voted for the tall candidate and Mary voted for the one she talked to the day before.
Of these ties, I hate the light blue.
Of his houses, I prefer the first.
Though Taroo’s attitude is good, Hanako’s isn’t.
Rome’s destruction was more miserable than Kyoto’s.
Jack met the king from England, and I met the one from France. 
Josh was given the treatment by the psychologist and the one by the psychiatrist.
I bought the car from England and Sam bought the one from Spain. 
John’s dependency on drugs and Peter’s on his mom.
John’s books are on the table but Peter’s are on the desk.
Juan’s insistence on his problems and Peter’s insistence on his.
Yesterday, a friend came to see me and I afterwards visited two more.
John’s doctor met Pedro’s.
Beth’s wedding was in Bond Chapel, and Rachel’s was in Rockefeller Chapel. 
Mary likes those books, but I like these.
The books were new, and all were on syntax. 
Mari saw one house and I saw four.
John’s book is on the table but Peter’s is on the desk. 
Taroo’s attack was a very strong one.
Jan bought a white rabbit and Pieter bought a black one.